ZIZO. ZIZO. ZIZO.
The realm is falling apart. We know this- and yet we continue anyways.
Scent of rot and shit; my feet find fetid ground. A corpse- I am living on a corpse. And then the world is normal again.
The Valorian Orthodox Church believe in the mighty Psydon, and that he will rise once more and save the world from the Archdaemons. This is however confounded: the Pantheonic Ten are surely the supreme beings..
Dae is far less dangerous than Night; Astrata’s gaze is far more searing to all forms of evils in a direct burn.
The Archdaemonic followers are hellbent on returning the four Devils to this realm to wreak havoc upon all of us. This shall not come to pass- they must either be brought to hell and returned to the light, or destroyed.
The Pantheonic Ten are less responsive to prayer than the daemonic. This, however, is simply a test of faith.
Butter is the favored snack for a hungry citizen!
I can jump further by getting a running start. Mind the overshoot.
A CORPSE; I AM LIVING ON A FUCKING CORPSE.
A torch should be kept dry, and a blade sharp.
The key to a long life is knowing when to run.
Xylix's gift to mortals was the humble tarot deck, allowing them to divine the fates of reality themselves.
Dendor's madness is enigmatic at best, and malicious at worst. There is no true way to understand beyond accepting it.
If two spirits were in the Underworld, and one killed the other with a rock, would that be fucked up or what?
THERE IS A TUMOR DIRECTLY BEHIND MY RIGHT EYEBALL; I NEED TO REACH IN AND CLAW IT OUT BEFORE IT FUCKING EATS ME.
Necrans despise deadites and wish them exterminated or cured; Pestrans wish them cured of their rot, but think that pustules are neat!
The divines smile upon your prayers in front of a psycross, but never mention them the name of the Daemon.
Ravox stands for justice, not murder.
Malum used to carry a divine hammer that gave life to all material things that Beowricke was built upon. It is now lost to history.
Eora stands for far more than familial love- but frowns upon those who break matrimony.
The Archdaemon Graggar represents all unbridled bloodlust and rage; an almost extreme opposite to Ravoxians.
For the entire world, the annihilation of an entire species was seen as a cataclysmic event that shook reality to its core. For the Archdaemons, it was taking one step of many.
The Archdaemon ZIZO represents unbridled ambition and unchecked arcyne magic. In recent yils her power waned as the arcyne began to become rarer, however a spike in cultists has been observed since the civil war.
Gaze upon the mighty empire of NAEXIDOR, ye mighty, and weep!
The Archdaemon Matthios represents unbridled envy, and is the patron of all thieves and bandit-cultists. With the increase in banditry, his power has grown significantly. Much to your detriment.
The Archdaemon Baotha represents unrestrained lust and degeneracy- a firm believer in drowning your sorrows in ale, drugs, and women. Despite her less malicious sounding nature, she is quite possibly one of the worst. I wouldn't think too much about that, though.
THE FIRE IS GONE.
LOOK UP TO PEOPLE WHO ARE GOOD AT VIOLENCE; THEY CARRY WILL OF GODS AND RECIEVE PUNISHMENT OF HELL BEYOND HELLS.
Lyndvhar is one of the most important ports on the eastern coast of the Kingdom of Lyndhardtia. Due to its unique location and distance, it has been spared from most of the destruction of the civil war. So far.
...well, that's what comes of too much Spice and liquor!
She was the happiest corpse I'd ever seen.
That was a rough nite. I hope that never happens again.
Is having this many strange races and faces all living together despite yils of bad blood a good idea? No? Oh well.
Weocilyn is a close barony to Lyndhvar- often times the nobility would intermarry into eachother. They are far more accepting of the unchosen than us.
There are no secret shrines to the Archdaemons in Lyndvhar. Stop worrying about it.
An apocalyptic war capable of rending all the realm apart; oh, how terrible its power was! And Psydon's power, ever so noble and strong! Yet now He slumbers, unaware of the fruits His efforts came to give. And He sighs. And He weeps.
The Pantheon will have you think we are powerless, and that we are nothing; but that is a lie.
I AM OLDER THAN AEON. I AM SIN, FATHER OF LIES. I HAVE GONE BY MANY NAMES. SAY THEM AND WEEP, FOR I AM ALL THAT THEY ARE.
Rot piled up to my feet, smell of death, quietly-crept decay from the Godhead 'neath I.
It's a good idea to bandage and suture arterial wounds as soon as possible. Death happens slowly, and then all at once.
Gripping bleeding bodyparts makes them bleed slower. Remember this- it may be important later.
If the crown of the Viscount were to fall, nothing but death and destruction would likely follow. This must not ever pass.
If the Priesthood of Lyndvhar were to fall, it would give way for the cultists of the daemons to gain a foothold. This must not be allowed.
I SEE LIGHT, THEN IT FLASHES, AND THEN IT DESTROYS.
The Rhaenvali Confederacy invades from the north, orcs invade from the southwest, the Ziggurat raids the coasts, and Grenzelhoft seems increasingly likely to attack. I'm sure everything is fine, though.
A tale is but half told when only one person tells it.
When the words come, they are merely empty shells without the music. They live as they are sung, for the words are the body and the music the spirit.
Do there exist many worlds, or is there but a single world?
For even he who is most greedy for knowledge can achieve no greater perfection than to be thoroughly aware of his own ignorance in his particular field.
Don’t depend too much on anyone in this world because even your own shadow leaves you when you are in darkness.
Letters are signs of things, symbols of words, whose power is so great that without a voice they speak to us the words of the absent; for they introduce words by the eye, not by the ear.
The world is divided into men who have wit and no religion and men who have religion and no wit.
The eye through which I see Psydon is the same eye through which Psydon sees me; my eye and Psydon’s eye are one eye, one seeing, one knowing, one love.
Against the disease of writing one must take special precautions, since it is a dangerous and contagious disease.
As long as there's two people left on Beowricke, one of those idiots is going to want the other idiot dead.
THE HOLY PANTHEONIC GOSPEL RADIATES THROUGH MY HEAD. NOT ALL IS YET LOST.
THERE ARE WORMS IN MY SKIN.
Greencrest is a Kingdom to the Southwest of Lyndhardtia that is entirely ruled by a caste of noble Elves.
Little is known about Khazumia. What we do know of the Caliphate is its ferocity and danger it poses should it become aggressive. Let us hope it stays in its isolation.
You know, I heard there was a realm somewhere in the world entirely conquered by Zizonic worshippers. That must not be true, right?
I often get tired of hearing voices in my head, too, don't worry.
WHAT THE FUCK WAS THAT?
There are many beasts to be found in the ocean. Sailing is a horrifically dangerous occupation- but it pays extremely well.
Lyndvhar has not heard from the rest of the realm for a long time. The roads are silent.
Drakians, Sisseans, and Kobolds absolutely despise eachother. That is why filling the Garrison with them would be quite funny- do it.
The more sensible Goblins are less Goblin and more the term "Hobgoblin". They are much more amicable than the ones in caves.
Do not let them decieve you. Do not let them trick you. Do not let them play you. Do not trust anyone. You can't trust anyone. You are on your own.
Drank too much last night. I'm seeing that thing in the corner of my eye again. You see it too, don't you? It's right there. Turn around.
Do there exist many worlds, or is there but a single world?
Had I been present at the Creation, I would have given some useful hints for the better ordering of the universe.
When the words come, they are merely empty shells without the music. They live as they are sung, for the words are the body and the music the spirit.
Nothing is sweeter than love, nothing higher, nothing stronger, nothing larger, nothing more joyful, nothing fuller, and nothing better in heaven or in this realm.
Don’t depend too much on anyone in this world because even your own shadow leaves you when you are in darkness.
For even he who is most greedy for knowledge can achieve no greater perfection than to be thoroughly aware of his own ignorance in his particular field. The more be known, the more aware he will be of his ignorance.
Justice is the constant and perpetual wish to render every one his due.
No more things should be presumed to exist than are absolutely necessary.
Does it make you brave to stick your hand in a volf's mouth? Would you do it again just because you didn't die?
Lying is a thriving vocation.
I remember the fire, it burns bright, always around me. I close my eyes, and tears stream out. The tides of the past seize me, bear me out to sea.
Today is the dae!
The shadows reach out- almost as if to grasp you- and then they are gone. A horrible omen.
Maybe it would be best to not think about what is happening. You'll hurt yourself.
A vision flashes in your eyes- familiarity. And just as quickly as that light forms- it vanishes. How peculiar.
